---
title: "Post #2"
---

I developed the user-management app with social network functionality based on microservices. You can learn more inside.

*User Management Service*

* Built with FastAPI, PostgreSQL, Redis, and RabbitMQ.
* Implemented OAuth2 authentication with role-based access control and JWT (access/refresh) tokens.
* Integrated Redis to support token blacklisting and RabbitMQ for password reset events.
* Configured Poetry for dependency management and added Ruff, Mypy, and pre-commit hooks for code quality.
* Wrote asynchronous unit and integration tests with 95% coverage.
* Enabled file storage support via AWS S3.
* Set up GitHub Actions for CI: linting and testing.

*Notification Service*

* Built with Python, MongoDB, RabbitMQ, and AWS SES for email communication.
* Used Poetry, Ruff, Mypy, and pre-commit.
* Achieved 93% async test coverage and set up CI with GitHub Actions.

*Innotter Service*

* Built with Django and MySQL.
* Integrated Celery for background task processing and AWS S3 for media storage.
* Added Swagger/OpenAPI documentation for API clarity.
* Used Poetry, Ruff, Mypy, and pre-commit.
* Achieved 93% test coverage and set up CI with GitHub Actions.

*Frontend*

* Built the client-side application using ReactJS, Redux, and TailwindCSS for responsive design and state management.

*DevOps*

* Infrastructure for all the microservices using Terraform.
* Connection with MongoDB Atlas.
* Added Jenkins pipelines with linting, testing, build, deploy stages for every microservice.

